Clarifying entra values (#8466)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim.md

9. Click **Ok**
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/edit-attribute.png" width="60%" title="Edit the attribute as shown." />
10. Make sure the following mappings are in place and delete any others:
    - **UserName:** `userPrincipalName` or the value you want users to leverage to log in to dbt. 
    - **active:** `Switch([IsSoftDeleted], , "False", "True", "True", "False")`

>     - **emails[type eq "work"].value:** `userPrincipalName` or the same value set for **UserName**. 

Reviewer: Is this an "or?" Should we be saying "which is the same value set for **UserName**?"

Author: "Or" - UserName can be set to something other than UserPrincipalName and email needs to be the same as whatever that is, but the most common setting is going to be UPN

Reviewer: @matthewshaver can we just say "the same value set for **UserName**. "

Author: ```suggestion
    - **emails[type eq "work"].value:** `userPrincipalName` is the most common, but this value needs to be the same set for **UserName**. 
```
